feat(config env): Add config environment defaults (#118)
witnet/witnet-rust: docs/configuration/environment.md

# Environment defaults

> You may specify the environment in `witnet.toml` in which the Witnet protocol will run. The environment can be: `testnet-1` or `mainnet` at the moment. Each environment comes with a set of default values which you may override in the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environments create contention between different instances of the Witnet network (e.g.: testnet vs. mainnet).

Each environment comes with a set of default values which you can later override in the configuration file. You can specify which environment to use in the `witnet.toml` configuration file.

At the moment, the available environments are: `testnet-1` and `mainnet`.
```
